README.md, before:

# Amoeba Roguelike

Play as a giant, constantly evolving amoeba and fight off intensifying waves of humans trying to protect their cities. Craft new organelles and cores to respond to escalating threats. Can you destroy all 16 city gates and escape to the surface?

2021 7 Day Roguelike Challenge submission by Vectis. Runs on Windows 7, 10 using .NET Framework 4.6.1. May run on other platforms with specialized software (e.g. Wine, Mono, etc.); attempt at own risk.

# How to Play

Arrow keys: Move
Space: Wait
A, D: Go to previous/next nucleus
Z: Organelle mode toggle
    Arrow keys (Organelle mode): Select organelle
X: Examine mode toggle
    Arrow keys (Examine mode): Move examine cursor
Reach 128 mass to win.

## Tips

Stuck? Try reviewing the following information:

* When you move (not swap), you drag a path of organelles behind you. The highlighted slime shows which tiles will be dragged! This can be used to position organelles strategically and quickly.
* To learn what something is, e[x]amine it.
* Pressing space to pass a turn or luring enemies can break an otherwise impenetrable formation.
* In the early game, it is easy to find new base organelles but hard to find crafting materials. This inverts as time goes on.
* Find the right balance between combat, exploration, and organelle management for your play-style; all of these cost time and come with different risks and rewards.

# Credits

Extensive playtesting, design, and support from JackNine
Further playtesting from Qu and Decinym
Engine: https://github.com/FaronBracy/RogueSharp
Font: https://github.com/libtcod/libtcod/blob/develop/data/fonts/terminal12x12_gs_ro.png
.NET 4.6.1 by Microsoft

Commit message:

Add submodule for a personal fork of RLNet and floodfill. Excluded subprojects from main project (bandaid; will fix in next work).

README.md, after:

# Amoeba Roguelike

Play as a giant, constantly evolving amoeba and fight off intensifying waves of humans trying to protect their cities. Craft new organelles and cores to respond to escalating threats. Can you destroy all 16 city gates and escape to the surface?

# How to Play

Arrow keys: Move
Space: Wait
A, D: Go to previous/next nucleus
Z: Organelle mode toggle
    Arrow keys (Organelle mode): Select organelle
X: Examine mode toggle
    Arrow keys (Examine mode): Move examine cursor
Reach 128 mass to win.

## Tips

Stuck? Try reviewing the following information:

* When you move (not swap), you drag a path of organelles behind you. The highlighted slime shows which tiles will be dragged! This can be used to position organelles strategically and quickly.
* To learn what something is, e[x]amine it.
* Pressing space to pass a turn or luring enemies can break an otherwise impenetrable formation.
* In the early game, it is easy to find new base organelles but hard to find crafting materials. This inverts as time goes on.
* Find the right balance between combat, exploration, and organelle management for your play-style; all of these cost time and come with different risks and rewards.

# Developing

This project uses [git submodules](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) as it is developed concurrently and independently from the underlying RLNET fork.

# Credits

Extensive playtesting, design, and support from JackNine
Further playtesting from Qu and Decinym
Engine: https://github.com/FaronBracy/RogueSharp
Font: https://github.com/libtcod/libtcod/blob/develop/data/fonts/terminal12x12_gs_ro.png
.NET 4.6.1 by Microsoft
